The Joe Rogan experience.
I, I I'll tell you this flying into Texas, right? Um, on,
on aircraft, I was on, um, one of the flight, uh,
attendants came up and kind of tapped me on the shoulders.
We were getting ready to land and said, well, be careful because you know,
you know, Texas has gotten rid of the mask bandaid. So, and, and,
and the point was from the flight attendant was, you know,
did she just say it to you? Yeah. It's gonna be like the, she likes you. Yeah.
It's a wild west. It's gonna be the wild west. Well.
You know, she's like Mr. Baker, you.
Be careful out there because, you know, it's, I like you. Yeah. And, uh, and so,
but, but the point my wife was sitting right next to me,
there was nothing on tour. It wasn't like you, no,
we were not engaged in any shenanigans, but,
but the point was was that they looked at it and they go, oh, you know,
governor Abbot said this and it's political. Right. But I,
my point of my story is I walked off the plane. Everybody was wearing a mask.
Yeah. This is the thing. The government AB governor, rather Abbot said, he said,
I encourage you to wear a mask. You should still wear a mask,
but I don't want the state to tell you what to do. Right. Right.
That's what I support.
And if you don't want the state to tell you what to do,
you shouldn't want the federal government exactly. Telling you what to do.
Exactly. Exactly. But everybody I've seen in Austin wear, wear a mask. Yeah.
Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Well, until you go to a restaurant and then you sit down,
then there's no mask. And I don't understand that. Well,
the whole thing is nonsense.
You have to wear a mask and you go to pee and then you don't wear a,
when you come back and sit, sit down at.
Your table, like, okay. I mean, cuz you know, to be fair, they've got, you know,
mostly six foot distance. You know,
they haven't the places that I've been here in Texas. Uh, they,
they keep the social distance. But I guess my point was like, you get this and,
and we talked about this earlier off, uh, before the show,
but was the idea that some people just like to suffer and they suffer well,
right.
They enjoy the fact that this is, this is hard and bad and that's really sad,
but it's true. There's people that they enjoy being depressed. It's,
it's a hard thing to, to even say, because you don't want it to be real.
You don't,
you don't want there to really be people out there that like when there's some
people that when we got shut into our homes and everyone was sad
and everyone was scared,
they enjoyed it because that's how they live all the time. Yeah. Yeah.
Or that's just, it, it, it's their time to shine. Some people have,
have really shown during the pandemic. Yeah. And it's like,
I saw this post from this, this, uh, individual who is a professional,
uh, clearly from their job. And they, they posted, ah,
I'm dealing with such anxiety now because of the possible return to normal and
the idea that, oh, I'm gonna have to travel.
And I won't be able to have dinner with my kids. And I'm just like,
and I'm thinking, you you've had the,
it was clear from the post that they've had the luxury of working from home.
Yeah. And not losing their job and they could teach their kids.
And it's this idea of not opening the public schools,
these kids out here who don't have wifi,
who don't have laptops who have a one parent home who has to work. Yeah.
All those can't afford a tutor. Can't make a little pod to teach their kids.
You know, those people aren't doing well. Right. And those kids are suffering.
And then you get like the,
the people who can afford to set up a private pod for their kids and bring a
tutor in and have strong wifi and can do all those things.
How have English as a first language and they're doing just fine.
And they're like, well, we should not go back to school.
you kids have disappeared off the radar during this past year.
And the schools don't even know where they are in places like New York and
Chicago and other places. So it's, it's up.
Yeah. You know, it's, there's narratives out there.
And the problem with these narratives are,
it's not that they're all completely inaccurate. The problem is when you say,
when you, when you espouse these narratives in a very condensed, processed way,
like social media, you get a bunch of people that support it.
And a bunch of people that argue against it. But if it's a narrative,
like we should stay home. We should all wear masks. Yeah.
Pretty hard for people to fight against that. Right. So people, they, they,
they pile on and then,
and then people get addicted to like the reactions and the interactions on
Twitter. And it's like, it becomes this weird method of communication,
the method of discussing ideas. And they get,
people get really attached to whatever, whatever they believe in,
whether they believe the kid should be in school the end of time and all,
all interactions should be done through zoom or that we should all throw away
our masks and achieve herd immunity.
And you should take vitamin D and go out in the sun and exercise and be
healthier. And.
You can do, you can do all of it. Right. You can wear a mask because you know,
okay, fine. I who, my, my freedoms aren't infringed by wearing a mask.
Don't give a. It's not that big ill. Yeah. But at the same time,
do I want my kids back in school?
Do I think it's healthy for my oldest boy's Slugo to, you know, be wearing his,
you know, pajamas or his sweatpants all day long and learning from distance. No.
And I think that it's just, so there are, I, I, you know,
I do agree with the idea that there, there are people that, that suffer well,
they're kinda wielding this whole thing as, as a sort of justice. Yeah. So.
Well, you know, a good example,
the comedy community is an interesting example because one,
one of the things that, uh,
a lot of my professional comedian friends have found is that there's a lot of
people that never worked. And when I say never I'm exaggerating,
but they weren't there weren't successful. They didn't,
they weren't selling out clubs and theaters. They weren't doing well.
And they're so angry that some comics have decided to go on the road again,
because a lot of places have opened up. Texas has opened up,
Florida's opened up, you can go and do shows, but that's.
A chance to do work. Right. I.
Mean, so it is, but they're angry. And they, they, they want the narrative.
Is that doing these super spreader events?
People even got mad at me and Dave Chappelle because Dave and I were doing these
shows at stubs, uh, amphitheater in Austin outside.
There's no evidence whatsoever that the, the, that the virus spreads outside.
Right. And I mean, literally none, there's no evidence. And then on top of that,
we test everyone in the crowd. It's expensive.
It takes a long time that people get there early, we test the entire crowd.
Are you doing temperature.
Checks or you doing no, we're doing, we're doing, uh,
antigen tests for the entire crowd. That's.
Crazy. Yeah. I mean, that's great, but it's.
Crazy. It's expensive, but it's the way to do it.
And we had a great time and we're doing it in again. And,
but some comics have been mad at that.
But if you go and look at the comics that are mad, they're all unsuccessful.
Yeah. Yeah. Or super liberal. And they're virtue signaling. They're looking to,
to, to like tag on to this idea that what you're doing is bad.
And then what we should do is all stay home and lock down.
Like you can go outside. And by the way,
most people like 99.9,
whatever percent survive,
there was a recent study that showed that 78% of all the people that are
hospitalized from COVID are overweight. Yeah.
Have you seen that? Yeah. I've seen that. Yeah. They have issue.
Where, where this shame in that all these people are talking out fat shaming.
Right. You wanna talk about the super spreaders? Yeah.
It's people that have ignored their health and those people need help and they
need support and they need love.
But there's a reality to the people that are getting sick from this.
If everyone was healthy,
this would almost be a non-issue now that's not a health shaming thing.
Like we should be shaming people that are in poor health or people that are poor
worn with, you know, um, uh, comorbidity factors like diabetes and whatever.
Right. Of course, of course. Yeah. Yeah.
But the re we're not looking at this thing a hundred percent objective if we
were, we would have a completely different take on.
It. Well, look, there's no science. There's, that's an example. I I'm focused.
Cause I got the, I got these three knuckleheads at home. Right.
So I'm focused on like the, the, the education side of things as well.
And so as, as, as are you, but they it's,
there's no science people believe science. Well, of course believe science.
That, that that's one of the funniest narratives believe science. Well,
who the doesn't believe? I mean, that's fine, but it's a political issue. Right?
So, but I think that, uh, there's no science that shows that, that, you know,
a six foot distance in public school for kids right. Is,
is, is, uh, is essential to their health. So in fact,
the science shows three foot. That's fine. And what that does though,
the importance of that is logistics, right?
Because it allows for you to get the schools open. Again,
people will talk about the six foot distance.
We can't get the kids back into their classrooms with six foot distances.
We can't get enough of them in their it's the little things,
it's the logistics of it saying, well, get it down to three foot,
which is what the science supports. And then you can get these schools,
you can start opening these places back up in a responsible manner. Honest it,
God, we're gonna look at this thing in, in, in a year or two.
Maybe we won't because we're not gonna be honest with ourselves, but we're,
if we actually did an honest, hot wash of this reaction to the pandemic,
our reaction has been pathetic right over, over this past year. I,
this has not been a shining moment for.
Us. Don't we think part of the problem is we started out with a different idea,
what the virus is.
We started out thinking that it was gonna be like the next Spanish flu and that
it was gonna kill. I mean, everyone was terrified. And me included,
I was scared of it in the beginning.
I thought that it was gonna be something that kills 10% of the population,
you know, and it didn't turn out to be that way,
but we never made an adjustment.
Yeah, no, I, yes. I think that's true. And I think also part of it is,
is you can't negate the, uh, or minimize the political reaction.
Right. If, if, if Joe Biden had been president, when this thing broke,
I guarantee you, the reaction would've been somewhat different.
The fact that Trump was in there yeah. And created so much emotion, um,
and there was such animosity.
Uh, thank God. Trump wasn't Provac would be <laugh> because, you know,
he pro so many other therapeutics and they're like hydroxy, Chlo,
queen racist, you know, like, yeah, thank God.
He didn't say anything about ivermectin or vitamin D or Corin or any of the
other things that we've been or zinc. Yeah. But.
I, I do think that, you know, that was a big issue was, was like, uh.
See, he's.
So polarizing and we can't, and we can't trust the,
the vaccines because you know, that were developed under Trump. Right. Oh, it.
Believe the science,
it would develop by companies that have nothing but scientists and doctors and
engineers that working inside them. Yeah.
And so if you believe the science and you better believe that they were
developing vaccines, that you should have been happy about. So, you know,
I, you know, I don't know, it's, it's the, the political nature of, of this guy.
And, and again,
going back to what we were talking about earlier with the Russians and the
Chinese, they see that and they just keep,
they keep sticking the mic poking at us. Yeah. And, and the more they do,
the more they tear the threads of, of our belief from the system.
And the more polarized we get and the more yelling that goes on and the more
people believe when they read social media and they don't bother to say, well,
who wrote this? Right. Right. And is this actually a,
a scientific piece of work or is this just, and, and what's the origin of it?
What, what's the outlet, right?
And half the time the outlet is overseas someplace,
and then you gotta dig into it. It's,
it's like an asset tracing exercise who owns that company. Right.
Then you find out it's owned by some, you know, Russian entity.
That's got an operation outta Cyprus, whatever.
Catch episodes, the Joe Rogan experience for free, only on Spotify,
watch back catalog JRE videos on Spotify, including clips,
easily seamlessly switch between video and audio experience
on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.